# General mechanism

This repository supports the reporting of transmitted frames in addition to notifications of received frames similar to CAN232 and CANUSB.


# Rx frame reporting

When a CAN FD frame is received, it is notified in the same format as the transmission command: `r`, `R`, `t`, `T`, `d`, `D`, `b` and `B`.
This function is enabled by default and can be disabled by `z` command.
If disabled, the device will not send any data to the host even if it receives CAN FD frames.

Example:
- `t10020011[CR]`

Will be sent from the device when a classical CAN data frame with ID = 0x100 and 2 data bytes with the valued 0x00 and 0x11 is received.


# Tx event reporting

When a CAN FD frame is transmitted and acknowledged by another node, it is notified by the transmission command with a `z` or `Z` at the beginning.
This function is disabled by default and can be enabled by `z` command.
If disabled, the device responds with `z[CR]` or `Z[CR]` when the transmission command is in the correct format and successfully saved in the buffer.

Example:
- `zt10020011[CR]`

Will be sent from the device when a classical CAN data frame with ID = 0x100 and 2 data bytes with the valued 0x00 and 0x11 is transmitted.


# Content in report

The following items can be added to the Rx or Tx reports:

- Timestamp : configurable with `z` or `Z` commands.
- Error state indicator : configurable with `z` commands.

Example:
- `t10020011TTTTE[CR]`

Will be sent from the device when a classical CAN data frame with ID = 0x100 and 2 data bytes with the valued 0x00 and 0x11 is received.
In this case, milli second time stamp is activated and error state indicator is enabled.

- `TTTT` : Timestamp in hex
- `E` : Error state indicator (0: Error active, 1: Error passive)
